# Diabetes perdiction using ML AND Django
 This Diabetes Prediction System Machine Learning Project based on the prediction of type 2 diabetes with given data. Diabetes is a rising threat nowadays, one of the main reasons being that there is no ideal cure for it. There are two types of diabetes.  Type 1 Type 2 Type 2 diabetes is commonly called diabetes mellitus. It can be defined as a chronic condition that affects how the body processes blood sugar (glucose). We consider the Mellitus here. After several research types, we found that some parameters are directly responsible for the Mellitus to occur. By using the data of the people with diabetes and without diabetes, a dataset has been built. We use that dataset to classify the people who are at risk of getting diabetes.  In our Diabetes Prediction System Machine Learning Project, we have used algorithms to predict and detect diabetes. Using our Diabetes Prediction System Machine Learning Project, the required information is gathered from the individuals. From the collected data, the required database is prepared for the particular. The analysis also includes the symptoms in the human body for diabetes like frequent urination, sudden vision changes, excessive thirst, extreme hunger, unexplained weight loss, etc.  It is the simplest way to combine all the predictions of the different machine learning algorithms. It is not an actual classifier, but it is a wrapper for different training data sets.  The accuracy score in Diabetes Prediction System Machine Learning Project is the fraction of our prediction model. Thus, the performance is determined by using this accuracy score.  We proposed Diabetes Prediction System Machine Learning Project, which will be useful for people who want to know their medical condition, for instance. As we are using the algorithm mentioned above is much better than the existing algorithm used. It gives more accuracy to predict diabetes disease. The project may also help researchers and students to develop an accurate and useful tool that will reach the table of clinicians to help them make a better decision about the disease status.
